May I have your attention. please?
Ladies and gentlemen...
thank you all for making this
such a memorable celebration.
Now. to top off our night...
Mr. Hingston's exquisite bride
will serenade him...
with a very special love song.
"I'm yours to keep. your servant"
"I'll cater to you. all your needs"
"Counting all your sins"
"One by one"
"As you hold my stolen heart"
"Our lies ignite the fire"
"But flames are growing higher"
"My ashes at your feet"
"What is this incantation?"
"You were my salvation"
"Everything I need"
Sing it again. sweetheart!
Yes. darling! Good girl!
Go. girl! Sing it again!
- Sing it again!
Darling. brava!
Thank you. I'm honored
by each and every one of you.
Thank you so very much.
What a stunning bride.
And what a stupendous wedding.
There she is. Over here.
...all back to him now.
If you'll excuse me a moment.
Mr. Hingston is expecting you upstairs.
A husband shouldn't be kept waiting any longer.
Your daughter is the epitome
of Upper perfection.
She's earned the life ahead of her.
You must be so very proud.
Indeed.
That place works miracles.
You could be so difficult before.
But now...
it's as if that girl never existed.
What?
Hello?
Good morning. Uma.
I didn't mean to startle you.
- Breakfast is on its way.
- Breakfast?
Wait. where am I?
You're in paradise. of course.
Uma!
- Uma!
New in town?
Look. I need help. okay?
They're chasing me
and I need somewhere to hide.
- I don't even know how I got here.
- Uma!
Come with me.
Just come with me.
What is this place?
You lost something?
What are you doing? No. no. no.
Why won't you answer me?
What is this place?
"She asked her mother for 50 cents"
"To see an elephant jump over the fence"
"They jumped so high They reached the sky"
"They never came back Till the 4th of July"
"Higher. higher. higher. higher"
Excuse me. but who are you?
Some people complain
that rosebushes have thorns.
I rejoice...
that thorn bushes have roses.
What I am doing here?
Honey. you have no reason to be afraid.
This is a center for emotional healing.
Holistic and sustained healing.
Now. most of our girls aren't quite so feisty
when they arrive...
but I do understand how difficult
this must be for you.
Why can't I leave?
Addressing your anger issues
is gonna take a while.
Sweetheart. they told me
you lost control again last night.
You can tell my mother
that she is wasting her time.
This is an opportunity. Uma.
Relax.
Thank you.
Observe your life from a new perspective.
And whose perspective is that? Yours?
And what about mine?
You'll be with us for two months.
All I ask in that time
is you keep an open mind...
and reconsider your marriage proposal
after your stay.
Luggage was arranged by your mother.
mademoiselle.
Do you all talk like that?
Hey!
Well. it's about time. darlin'.
Hi. Rough trip?
Actually. I don't remember any of it.
Well. lucky you...
cause that seaplane was sketchier
than a broke-ass roller coaster.
- Seaplane?
- Yeah.
I'm Chloe.
Uma.
That's Yu.
I don't reckon she's too keen on being here.
What. and you are?
Well. if it'll get my parents off my back.
What's their problem?
They think two months here is gonna...
turn me into some
skinny pageant queen like my sisters.
It won't. 'cause I'm fine just the way I am.
But. hey. I'll take a free vacation.
Yu!
- Yu!
- What?
Meet Uma.
- Hi.
- They told me no roommates.
Well. hey. that's not our fault. girl.
And don't touch my stuff!
Let's dress for dinner. ladies.
Okay.
Where's the rest of it?
Our diet is individually calibrated...
for your optimum physical health
and your mental equilibrium.
I can't because...
I'm lactose intolerant.
Allergies and intolerances have been
dutifully accounted for...
and. mademoisell. dairy is not one of yours.
Okay. fine. whatever.
We kindly ask you to finish
all of your dinner...
to have sufficient nourishment
for tomorrow's activities.
Bon appétit. mesdemoiselles.
You know her?
No.
She screwed me over as soon as I got here.
What?
Who is she?
Seriously?
"If you had my heart"
"I wouldn't want it back"
"I'd let you keep it"
"Till the end of time"
Wait. that's her?
Amarna Vicario.
Yeah. her new sound is real neat.
- She's also...
- A drunk.
- That's not nice.
- It's true.
Look. I hear her parents
are super conservative...
and they've got get here on detox
before they drag her back home.
It really must not be easy being famous.
Yeah. it's so not easy being famous.
Think about the pressure.
No wonder she drinks. poor thing.
- She's kind of tragic.
- Don't judge her!
What do you want?
Still mad about this morning?
You think?
Well. they were gonna catch you either way...
and I couldn't let them find our cave.
"Our cave"?
Of course. Where else are you gonna
light up my cigarettes for me?
Hey...
Please don't believe everything
you hear about me.
I don't even drink anymore.
Then why are you here?
Well...
I wanted to do music in my own voice.
My team freaked out.
You see. they look at me like a product.
They planted all those partying stories
about me...
and sent me here...
to rehab for it. I guess.
Why haven't you tried to escape?
Escape from what?
I don't know exactly. but I'm not trying
to get brainwashed here.
Well. the only thing we've done till now
is a lot of yoga and feeling our feelings.
I don't care.
I'm getting out of here.
Well. I don't know how you think
you're gonna do that...
because we're on an island
in the middle of the ocean.
Tonight.
Okay.
I'll help you.
Meet me outside my room.
Midnight.
Hey.
How do you get cigarettes?
An attendant gives them to me.
His daughter's a fan.
I video chat with her.
You know. Uma...
there's always a way to get what you want.
Always.
My dears. the sun is rising...
and in the fresh light of this new day...
let us welcome Chloe. Yu. and Uma...
to our family.
Hey.
- Can you...?
- Sure.
Sorry. I fell asleep.
How long did you wait for me?
I actually fell asleep. too.
Mademoiselle.
Please confirm your chosen look.
Hell yes.
No. no.
- I gotta... I'm gonna just...
- Please. mademoiselle.
- Can't do it.
- The look may grow on you.
- It looks good.
- It isn't me.
Mommy's perfect little Upper.
You don't have to change who you are. Uma.
Relax. Uma. This will only take a minute.
Please sit still. mademoiselle.
It's like looking at somebody else.
Yeah...
someone I don't like.
Dearest.
How are you adjusting. honey?
Great. I've always wanted
to go to a fascist boarding school...
so this is kind of a dream come true.
Well. I certainly hope
we can change that for you.
Please sit and face the mirror.
Please sit down.
Uma. I know you think
this isn't the place for you...
and you may be right.
But I'm asking you
to be the tiniest bit receptive.
To your propaganda?
We are at our best when we are truly ourselves.
Can we agree on that?
Mirror Therapy is about owning your story.
It's about remembering what makes you you.
Only the things that you would know.
Tell yourself the story of who you truly are.
You want me to talk to myself?
Well. you don't seem to enjoy talking to me.
How about this?
I'll ask you a question.
Answer only if you want to. okay?
What was the one thing
your mother never gave you?
- What?
- Try and look in the mirror.
Does she look after you?
She looks after herself.
You're very tough on her.
- She deserves it.
- Do you love her?
What are you trying to do here?
Okay. I'm not gonna marry that prick.
It's hard to find a good man
in this world. Uma.
I would know.
Keep it up. mesdemoiselles.
Control of the body. clarity of the mind.
All right. And work in pairs now. please.
Yu.
Come on.
No.
I need a partner.
- And forward.
- Come on. I can't do this on my own.
Come on.
And back.
And forward.
Forward.
And back.
Uma? Uma.
Are you still with us?
Yeah. Sorry.
Okay.
And forward.
And back.
Your gloves. please.
It's a little tight.
It's for your safety. Please.
Sorry about that.
We're attempting to resolve
some technical issues.
Please. hang tight.
Lowers like to say
all kinds of things about me...
but the truth is. I'm a simple man.
I work hard...
and I give back.
I may be a sensitive guy...
but don't let anyone tell you
I don't know how to have a good time.
Maybe my idea of fun can be a bit extreme...
but. in both business and life...
what's the point of dreaming small?
Lowers like to say
all kinds of things about me...
Okay.
- I get it.
- ...but the truth is...
I'm a simple man.
- I get it!
- I work hard...
- and I give back.
- Hello?
- But the truth is. I'm a simple man.
- Can you turn it off?
- I work hard.
- Please.
But the truth is...
...anyone tell you I don't know
how to have a good time.
Lowers like to say all kinds of things...
I'm a simple man. but...
Maybe my idea of fun can be a bit extreme...
I may be a sensitive guy.
...sensitive guy.
We're so sorry. The system failed.
We couldn't stop the projection remotely.
The infirmary will patch those up.
We're so sorry.
You really think that stupid video is
gonna get me to change my mind?
Oh. honey.
Let me take a look at those hands.
Come here.
Perhaps he is a bit heavy-handed.
He means well.
Means well?
He's a sociopath.
Besides. it doesn't matter.
I'm in love with somebody else.
Your mother never told me about anyone else.
Of course not.
He's a Lower.
so he basically doesn't exist to her.
Your father was not a good influence. Uma.
Look at me.
I have dedicated my whole life
to taking care of Mother's little garden.
But you. if you could learn your place...
you have your best years ahead of you.
Don't end up like me.
So sad!
Would you like to help me clip some thorns?
So. your ma just likes him 'cause he's rich?
She's an Upper. but we're broke.
She thinks the marriage will save our family.
That sucks. I'm sorry. dude.
Am I the only one getting married off here?
I wish all I had to do was marry some rich guy.
You don't mean that.
Well. my video was people
just joggin' and eatin'. like. celery.
I mean. if it was that easy.
everyone would look like Amarna.
Why. thank you. Chloe.
Screw this.
No. hey.
Here. let me help.
I can't do this. I just can't.
No.
What'd they show you in there?
It was a documentary about my thing.
I get anxious. Like panic-attack anxious.
I feel like I'm dying when I have one.
My parents are Lowers.
They sent me to Beijing
to live with my aunt and uncle.
Big shot Uppers.
But I just don't know how to act around them.
I don't know how to be.
I embarrass them.
So. they sent me here and told me
not to come back until I got better.
Hey. you're not like the other Lowers.
You got a choice now.
Yeah. well. maybe my idea of success
isn't stepping on everyone below me.
There. there. my little tapioca pudding.
You're in our brave new world now.
We know you've suffered. my peanut.
but don't you worry.
You most surely will be redeemed...
by an excellent hairstyle
and a truly mediocre personality.
I hate you guys.
- Come on.
- Hey!
So. when you go back to Beijing.
you're gonna form what?
Sammy. Sammy and the Decapitated Head Horses.
- Charming.
- Wait. who's Sammy?
I'm Sammy. I formed the band. so...
Wait. you're singin'?
Amarna sings.
I do this.
That ain't music!
Yeah. Chloe doesn't like it
Thinks it's too crass
But she don't know shit Got her head up her ass
- Real funny.
- Give me my headphones.
My dearests...
the sun is rising.
She visited me the first time
the album went platinum.
We went swimming.
Just the two of us.
It was a beautiful. clear day...
but the current was just too strong.
I told her I was not gonna leave with her.
I was gonna stay.
She said. "Whatever you want. I want for you."
She started getting pulled under the waves.
I...
managed to get her back to shore...
and I just wrapped my arms around her.
I wish she meant it.
I wish she meant it with every part of my life.
I was terrified of losing her.
Terrified of just being...
completely alone.
At that time...
those words were just...
enough.
That was the last time I told her I loved her.
...the last time I told her I loved her.
Very good. Uma.
I'm proud of you.
Nice.
Now you twist the ends together like this.
When I leave this place...
I'm gonna go somewhere far. far away from here.
I just wanna be somewhere where I can...
start all over again...
where nobody really knows who I am.
What about you?
I told you. I'm in love with someone.
We just want to be together...
and have a simple life.
Uma. isn't that a memory locket?
It's the prototype for all the rest.
They still make them?
Not the way my dad used to.
How did you...?
I promised I'd find you.
How did you even find me?
Showed up at your mother's place.
She was not happy to see me.
What did she say?
That you were getting ready to marry Son.
- Look. I'm not marrying him. I told her that.
- I know. I know.
I applied for the job as soon as I could.
Listen. Uma.
I'm gonna get you off this island.
No. Not here.
Swiped this from the tech guys.
The feed will just show an empty room.
same as before.
Listen.
I'm gonna join the cargo crew.
And when I do. I'll sneak you into the hold.
We'll fly to the mainland
and I'll get you off that plane.
And go where?
We'll figure it out.
As long as we're together.
Is that what you want. too?
What? That is so romantic!
I mean. he came all this way for you?
Just in time to save you from that shit-stick
you're supposed to marry.
Uma doesn't need saving.
He's gonna help me escape.
You just have to be nice to the staff.
fake the treatments.
You don't need to escape.
I finally have a partner in all of this.
And what am I?
You shouldn't trust that guy. Uma.
I've known him my entire life.
Well. I don't think he deserves you.
How would you know?
Amarna! You're up. girl!
Go. Amarna!
Stop the music. please.
"I'm yours to keep. your servant"
"I'll cater to you. all your needs"
"Counting all your sins"
"One by one"
"As you hold my stolen heart"
"Our lies ignite the fire"
"Our flames are burning higher"
"What is this incantation?"
"You were my salvation"
"Everything I need"
- "What is this incantation?"
- All right. all right. That's enough. now.
- "You were my salvation"
- Amarna?
- "Everything I need"
- Amarna!
Hello? I said that's enough!
"Everything I need"
Bedtime. mesdemoiselles.
No!
Go away!
Offstage. go.
Listen. I don't want to repeat it.
Just go.
Just once...
can she play some shit that isn't.
like. 100 years old?
Have you seen my necklace?
- My locket?
- No.
Security perimeter breach.
- Interfering boat type 0-0-1-2.
- Look at these clowns.
Male subject.
All safety personnel to Beach A3.
Interns are to initiate
regular morning activities.
Security instructions will...
Girls! The showers! Now!
Come on. mesdemoiselles. move it!
Please. resume standard procedures.
Repeat. perimeter breach.
What's that boat doing here?
No clue.
It's unacceptable.
Who is this intruder?
Fetch him. Fetch him at once!
Why are you still here? Go and wash yourselves!
- Whose boat is that?
- Are you deaf?
Well. I was just asking whose boat...
Okay. get out of here. Go. go. go.
Come on. Come on.
Hey! Back off!
- What did you say?
- I said back off.
- Yu!
- Mademoiselle!
Don't you ever touch me again.
I will send you home to your family
a failure. a disgrace.
Is that what you want? Is it?
Enough. Stop.
I said stop!
If she leaves. we all leave.
You hear me?
Yeah. We'll tell everybody about this.
I am so sorry.
I lost my composure.
We are dealing with a situation this morning.
Thank you so much for helping me.
Find him. And turn off this ridiculous alarm.
It's okay.
Just breathe. just breathe. just breathe.
Okay.
- Look. there he is.
- The mystery man.
He ran the boat straight into the rocks
like he wanted to crash.
She interrogated him herself.
I can't even imagine.
I heard he wanted to see Amarna.
- That he demanded an audience.
- A superfan.
A super creep.
So. the attendant that gets me the cigs
lets me use his station...
in exchange for passes to my comeback show.
That guy sailed all the way here to see you?
Not exactly.
Holy shit.
That's what he really came to do.
- How?
- Uma. there's no stalker.
It was all a front.
My admirer stashed the rowboat here
and sailed around the island all night...
but nobody spotted him till dawn.
They're not guarding the coast at night.
That's our way outta here.
We come here after dinner.
we get on the rowboat. and we go to shore.
It's only 10 miles. We can do it. Uma!
Please.
I thought you didn't want to leave at all.
What's changed?
Last night I was able to stay awake
for the first time since we've been here.
You know why?
'Cause I didn't drink the milk.
They've been drugging us every night.
They make us sleep like we're dead.
But the Residence isn't sleeping.
Where did you find this?
It was in the patio. by the mermaid.
There was staff that I didn't even recognize...
wheeling passed-out girls around.
What?
Listen. we have to go. Tonight.
We don't drink our milk.
and we meet here after curfew.
- I have to tell Markus.
- No. Uma. you can't.
I can't disappear on him again.
Okay.
Just don't give him any details.
Listen.
They're gonna transfer me
to the cargo crew tomorrow.
We'll be out of here
in a couple of weeks. maybe less.
Wow. don't get too excited.
I am. It's just...
What?
I have to tell you something.
Mesdemoiselles. your attention. please.
Once in a blue moon...
a resident is so receptive to what we offer...
that she's ready to rejoin her loved ones
sooner than expected.
And so it is with our own...
Amarna.
We shouldn't be sad
to see her leave us this evening.
We should instead
let our hearts swell with joy...
at the strong young woman
Amarna has become during her time here.
To Amarna.
Uma. Uma.
Listen to me. okay?
You take that boat with Markus.
It's yours.
But how will I find you?
What?
Hey.
You promise. right?
I promise.
I'll see you there. okay?
Amarna! Time to go.
Yeah. I'm coming.
Be safe.
They should be grateful.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Isn't this ugly?
What the hell?
How did she get all the way over here?
The sedative's slow sometimes.
It hits them on the way to the bathroom.
We taking her to the OR?
No. it's not her turn tonight.
What's up with you?
I'm fine.
Yeah? 'Cause you're scaring the mirror.
I just had weird dreams last night.
Really?
I ain't never had a dream here.
The beloved artisan apparently
took his own life last night...
financially ruined by the hostile takeover
of his family-owned business.
...Son Hingston orchestrated the purchase...
Stop!
- ...and removed Mr. Stowe...
- Turn it off!
...after a lengthy and costly legal battle.
- Mr. Hingston fired the staff...
and automated the factory.
Son. what about Mr. Stowe's widow and daughter?
- Let me down!
- Don't you care what happens to them?
Of course.
I've made the necessary arrangements.
Let me out of here!
Son. can you give us anything more?
- Some could say...
- Let me down!
...you've ruined the Stowe legacy.
- Turn if off!
- How do you respond?
This place is a fucking lie!
What are you doing to us?
- What are you doing to us?
- Wait!
Mademoiselle. stop!
No. stop it! You're lying to us!
- Why are you lying?
- Mademoiselle. be still!
- Uma!
- Why are you lying?
Where are you taking her?
- Yu!
- We don't wish to hurt you. mademoiselle.
Please!
Markus!
Help me!
Easy. Uma.
Sit.
Finish it.
Why don't you drink me?
Good morning. Uma.
What's going on?
What?
No. no. no!
Let me go!
How about a kiss?
Yeah. give us a kiss. come on!
Well...
isn't that a pickle?
You think this place is a lie?
Look at your friend.
Her treatment seems rather effective
in the end. don't you think?
I think both her label and her family
will be very. very pleased with the result.
You gotta see this.
This is what Son paid...
to have you skip our waiting list.
Do you think he would spend so much money
on something that doesn't work?
Understand this.
The therapy is real.
You're just a prickly little pear.
And now. you're done.
What are you talking about?
We're nearly finished with you. Uma.
By tomorrow.
you'll be able to leave here forever.
Tomorrow?
Frankly. I thought you'd be happier.
I was under the impression
you couldn't wait to go.
How long have I been asleep?
How long have you been asleep?
One... No. two weeks.
Run along now. little bug.
Your friends miss you.
Sure you're okay?
Yes.
They told us you went nuts...
that you broke that dumb horse. Is that true?
Okay. look. forget about all of that.
The Amarna we said goodbye to
is not the Amarna I saw on TV.
They did something to her.
And I'm not waiting around
for them to do it to me.
I'm leaving...
and I want you two to come with me.
How?
Tonight.
We throw up our milk.
we sneak out of the Residence...
and we row this fricking boat to the mainland.
And then what?
I can't go home until I'm cured.
My aunt and uncle will throw me out.
So don't go home.
What do you mean?
I know somewhere else.
Somewhere safe.
Look. our families sent us here
to shape us in their image.
Not ours.
I'm not doing it.
Are you with me?
Screw 'em.
Come with us.
I can't.
It's okay.
But we'll be waiting for you tonight
if you change your mind.
Yeah.
It's my fault.
I should've tried to join the crew sooner...
It's only three more days.
Listen. I will be on the next plane out
next week.
I'll meet you on the mainland...
and I swear. I will never let anything
tear us apart again.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
I'll wait for you.
Mademoiselle. finish your dinner. please.
I gotta take a leak.
Yu!
I'm not the one that needs to change.
Ready?
These girls are supposed to be completed.
She's done.
Wait. this one's still got one session left.
Okay. let's get to it.
What do we do?
We can't leave her behind. Come on.
Okay. wait.
- That way.
- Okay.
Head right. huh?
Let's go.
First off. your boat's a piece of shit.
God damn it. It's not fair.
Secondly. you got zero patience.
Wait.
We gotta update the log.
Jeez.
Can we wait till after dinner?
I'm starving. man.
Let's just get it over with. huh?
Fine.
You say I've got no patience...
but you're the one
that's always gotta eat so bad.
Vocal cords. as well as
a scan of the pupil and iris.
Yo. is she roommates
with that fat Southern girl?
I think so. Why?
Don't know. I kinda like that one.
I feel sorry for her. though.
What about the ones you don't like?
You don't feel sorry for them?
Yeah. well. if I felt sorry for all of them...
this job would be un-fricking-bearable.
- Chloe!
- Let her go. douche-canoes!
Christ. man. call her!
- What is it?
- Two girls are awake.
- Chloe!
- They're here in the OR!
- Who?
- Mademoiselle Yu's roommates.
She's also awake!
Do I need to hold your hand?
They're completed. Finish them off.
No!
- Chloe!
- We may need some help here.
- Uma! Uma!
- Yu!
Yu! Yu. breathe!
I'm only doing my job.
Easy. sweetheart.
Yu!
Yu. Yu.
Yu. Yu. Yu.
It's okay. It's okay.
- Come here. I got you.
- Here. Here.
You're okay.
- Come on.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
What is that?
Come on.
Put her over here.
What?
Higher. higher. higher. higher
I don't know how to be. I embarrass them.
Every time I look at myself. Whoops.
Observe your life from a new perspective.
And whose perspective is that? Yours?
I don't know how to be. I embarrass them.
I embarrass them.
Hang tight.
He's a Lower.
so he basically doesn't exist to her.
Lowers like to say
all kinds of things about me.
They're not treating us.
Can someone let me down?
They've been observing us.
Measuring every single thing about who we are.
He's a sociopath.
But why?
I mean. what's all this for?
Yu?
Yu. Yu.
We need to find a way outta here.
Okay.
What are you doing to us?
Let me out of here!
Let me down! Turn it off!
I'm in love with somebody else.
This way.
That lying piece of shit.
Uma! We've gotta go.
We gotta go now.
- Get them!
- Uma. now!
Get them!
Uma. now!
Uma!
- Hey!
- No!
Stop!
Open up. you punks!
Open the door!
Break it down!
Help us.
Please. help us.
Our friend needs help.
Girls. get the staff.
Looks like three little rich girls
just wandered into our pool.
No!
Who are you?
We're your substitutes.
What?
You don't understand...
how hard we've worked to get here.
While you eat cake and pick flowers...
we work.
We've practiced until we fainted.
We've endured dozens of surgeries.
All to be like you.
To be better than you.
You...
You think you're gonna replace me?
You bet I will. darlin'.
You don't understand where we come from...
what we've done to get here.
For every single one of us...
this is our only chance at a decent life.
We were born out of your wars.
We've had to grovel for food.
You should at least enjoy the life
you've already had.
- Yu. Yu.
- Yu?
Yu. no. Yu!
Yu! Yu!
Yu. Yu? No.
- Yu?
No. no. no.
Please.
No. No.
Well. you got what you wanted.
So I guess one of you is gonna replace me.
aren't you?
Are you listening to me?
Are you here?
Did they give you hair like mine?
Eyes like mine?
My mouth?
My skin?
The scar on my leg?
Well. there's one thing they haven't given you.
This is my father.
Take a good look at him...
'cause he's dead...
and the man who's paying for you is to blame.
You wanna be me?
You have to carry that around with you.
Always.
Do you believe you're the only one
with a story like that?
Yeah. we have families too.
Uma. run!
Go! Just go!
- Hey!
- Get them!
Stop!
Get them!
Open the door! Open the door!
Break it down!
- Okay.
Come on.
What is this?
It's okay.
You keep going. Come on.
Chloe?
Chloe!
- Chloe. where are you?
- Uma!
Uma!
Chloe?
Uma.
What are you?
I'm just like you.
A nasty little thorn in Mother's side.
"Five little bugs came out to play"
"On a spider's web one day"
"They got caught. all in a bunch"
"And along I came"
"In time for lunch!"
At Mother's age.
I can't exactly stop now. can I?
Who'd want me then?
Leave her alone!
I said leave her alone.
Isn't this cute?
A family reunion.
That's my substitute. you idiot.
I'm the one you want.
No. I'm the one you want.
Don't listen. She's lying to you.
That's my substitute.
I'm the one you're looking for.
How can you not recognize me?
Don't listen to her. It's me. liar.
Liar! I'm the one you want!
Enough!
Now...
which one are you?
I am me.
We're still missing one substitute.
Keep searching.
Copy.
Uma.
She lied to me.
She told me that you chose him.
She told me that you chose Son over me.
How much did she pay you?
I won't take it.
All clear over there. partner?
Partner?
Yes. sir.
All clear.
Here.
This belongs to you.
Thank you.
What are you gonna do now?
There's nothing left where I came from.
Your parents?
I tried to take care of
my two little brothers...
but 16 hours a day working in a factory.
it wasn't enough.
This man came to our town
and offered me this job...
if you can call it a job.
He promised me my brothers
would never go hungry again.
I had to become somebody else
so I could survive.
I had to become you.
I'm sorry.
What's your name?
Anna.
It's nice to meet you. Anna.
Sing it again. sweetheart!
What a stunning bride.
And what a stupendous wedding.
Your daughter is the epitome
of Upper perfection.
She's earned the life ahead of her.
You must be so very proud.
Indeed.
And here she is.
He was heartbroken...
when you were the only one
who went missing after that disaster.
Only a man in love can suffer like that.
You should feel fortunate.
I do.
Very much so.
I just can't imagine
how difficult it must've been for him.
I mean. he's invested so much in me.
Smile. kid.
You're giving it all back to him now.
Mr. Hingston is expecting you upstairs.
A husband
shouldn't be kept waiting any longer.
That place works miracles.
You could be so difficult before.
But now...
it's as if that girl never existed.
Please. don't worry.
I'll go.
Uma!
Baby. what happened?